update(UI overview): add bonita apps (#1362)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: md/admin-application-users-list.md

# User list in Bonita Administrator Application

> This page explains what a user with the _Administrator_ profile in Bonita Administrator Application can see and do about the users of the deployed organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page explains what a user with the _Administrator_ profile can see and do about the users (of the organization) in [Bonita Administrator Application](admin-application-overview).
```

  
### Create a user

Reminder: do not create a user with the same login and password as the [platform administrator nor the technical user](first-steps-after-setup.md). 

1. Go to _Organization_/_Users_
2. Click on _Create_
3. In the modal window, enter the username, password (twice), first name and last name of the new user
4. Click _Create_ to confirm the creation

### Deactivate a user
1. Go to _Organization_/_Users_
2. In the row of the user, click on the _Deactivate user_ icon
3. In the confirmation modal window, check that this deactivation is safe, and click on _Deactivate_

Reactivating a user can be done through the same mechanism from the "Inactive" user list.

### Edit user's information
1. Go to _Organization_/_Users_
2. In the row of the user, click on the _View user details_ icon
3. Stay in the "General information" section, or click on one of the other sections in the menu on the left:
  * Password
  * Profiles/Memberships (see below)
  * Business card
  * Personal information
  * [Custom information](custom-user-information-in-bonita-bpm-portal.md)
4. Edit the information
5. Click on the _Update [...]_ button of the section

### Edit user's memberships

> In the way we conceive the pertainance of a user to an organization, it is only possible to add both a role and a group (what we call a membership) to a user.    

Reviewer: pertainance ?
```suggestion
In the way we conceive the belonging of a user to an organization, it is only possible to add both a role and a group (what we call a membership) to a user.    
```
